---
layout: post
title:  "Steppe"
date:   2019-09-03 00:11:57 +1000
tags: [planets, colonies, steppe]
excerpt: >
  Long ago terraformed into a grain harvesting planet the majority of the surface of Steppe is covered in great plains, great lakes and gorges.

lore:	frontier2424
heroimg: /assets/img/location-steppe.jpg
toc:
  - History
  - Conflicts
  - Geography
  - Governance
  - Economy
  - Demographics

details:
  - Row:
    - Designation
    - VI-317
  - Row:
    - System
    - Sinum
  - Row:
    - Nearest gate
    - 30 days sub-light
  - Row:
    - Comms Delay
    - 4hrs
  - Row:
    - Established by
    - "[Pavlov Intergalactic](/frontier2424/factions/pavlovintergalactic/)"
---

Deep-space / frontier / colonial

{% include functions-keypair.html list=page.details %}

## History
Naturally a sandy cloudy planet, VI-317 was originally discovered by a private recon team scouting the Sinum system for mining opportunities. Not suitable for mining the claim was sold to [Pavlov Intergalactic](/frontier2424/factions/pavlovintergalactic/) who was interested in the [terraforming](/frontier2424/technology/terraforming/) and subsequent farming potential of the sandy soil and thick atmosphere.

Once terraformed and habitable VI-317 was named Steppe (grassland) and the first invites to settlers were issued.

Due to the remote location, and local conflicts, development of Steppe was slower than other colonies and Pavlov Intergalactic chose to cut it's losses and withdraw from the planet. Leaving local family run entrepreneurial firms to maintain order.

## Conflicts

### Raiders
The [Mwuaji Boyz](/frontier2424/factions/mwuaji-boyz/) pirate organization has recently taken to seeing Steppe as an easy target.
Too far away from main ~~empire~~ military routes and not well protected. Pirates often attack and raid towns, leaving before any strong retaliation can be organised.

### Organised crime
Three major family run entrepreneurial firms, ~~Colt~~, ~~Smith~~ and ~~Western~~ are in constant conflict with one another and vie for control of land and export deals with the assistance of smaller organisations. In time this competition and lack of formal Governance has lead to an increase of organised crime and conflicts between the families.

## Geography
### General characteristics
Long ago terraformed into a grain harvesting planet the majority of the surface of Steppe is covered in great plains, great lakes and gorges. Some mountain ranges make up the equator known as the Belt Ranges. Old Terraforming towers can be seen scattered across the landscape. However most are in disrepair since Pavlov Intergalactic's the withdraw.

### Climate
Steppe is typically hot and dry, with rare but prolonged storms in the wet-season.

Seasonal dust storms and large dust devil whirlwinds are prolific across Steppe and winds will often roll unperturbed across the great plains gathering immense speed.

### Biodiversity
There is no native flora and fauna on VI-317, all plant and crop species have been introduced by the settlers. Flora consists mainly of harvestable grains, and fauna is typically farming cattle.

## Governance
Raids have lead to some small military presence in the larger towns.

## Economy
Main export is grain and cattle ranching.

## Demographics

### Language

### Religion
Traditional missions

### Health


### Education
